 Programming Quotes
1.Programming is the art of algorithm design and the craft of debugging errant code. – Ellen Ullman

2.Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning. ― Rick Cook

3.Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand. ― Martin Fowler
4.Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes. – Oscar Wilde

5.Programming is the art of telling another human being what one wants the computer to do. ― Donald Ervin Knuth

6.Confusion is part of programming. ― Felienne Hermans

7.No matter which field of work you want to go in, it is of great importance to learn at least one programming language. ― Ram Ray

8.Software is like sex: it’s better when it’s free. – Linus Torvalds

9.If we want users to like our software, we should design it to behave like a likable person.  – Alan Cooper

10.Quality is a product of a conflict between programmers and testers. ― Yegor Bugayenk

11.Everybody should learn to program a computer because it teaches you how to think. – Steve Jobs

12.I taught myself how to program computers when I was a kid, bought my first computer when I was 10, and sold my first commercial program when I was 12. – Elon Musk

13.Software and cathedrals are much the same — first we build them, then we pray.

14.Web development is difficult, only then it is fun to do. You just have to set your standards. If it were to be easy, would anyone do it? ― Olawale Daniel
Programmers Quotes
15.Programmers seem to be changing the world. It would be a relief, for them and for all of us, if they knew something about it.  – Ellen Ullman

16.Most good programmers do programming not because they expect to get paid or get adulation by the public, but because it is fun to program. – Linus Torvalds

17.Programmer: A machine that turns coffee into code. – Anonymous

18.When I wrote this code, only God and I understood what I did. Now only God knows.  – Anonymous

19.I’m not a great programmer; I’m just a good programmer with great habits. ― Kent Beck

20.You might not think that programmers are artists, but programming is an extremely creative profession. It’s logic-based creativity. – John Romero

